lean beef a colorful mix of vegetables
and salsa verde are combined in this
warm and satisfying dish salsa verde
consists primarily of tomatillos
providing the underlying essence of this
chili with fresh green and yellow bell
peppers red onion and plenty of garlic
this chili boasts lots of flavor try
using any combination of bell peppers
and a yellow onion would work just as
well as the rag begin by heating two
teaspoons of vegetable oil in a large
sauce pot over medium heat add diced
green and yellow bell peppers and red
onion into the sauce pot and cook for 5
minutes or until the vegetables begin to
soften stirring frequently stir in
minced garlic 2 tablespoons of chili
powder 1 tablespoon ground cumin and 1
teaspoon of dried oregano and cook for 1
minute adding the spices to the
vegetables helps release their flavors
better than if added later in the
cooking process increase the heat to
medium-high and add 1 in three-quarter
pounds of ninety-six percent lean ground
beef cook 8 to 10 minutes or until beef
is browned breaking up the meat with the
side of a wooden spoon stir in 2
tablespoons tomato paste and cook 1
minute this helps build additional
layers of flavor in the chili stir in 8
ounces of diced mild green chilies 1 cup
of salsa verde and one half cup of water
and heat to a simmer reduce the heat to
medium-low cover the sauce pot and cook
for 10 more minutes stirring
occasionally stir in one can each of
rinsed and drained black beans and pinto
beans along with one eighth teaspoon
salt
if the chili seems too thick at this
point add up to one half cup of
additional water and cook another five
minutes top off the chili with diced
green onion tomatoes and cilantro hearty
and delicious tell us what you think in
the comments section below please click
the like button and subscribe button to
check out all our other great cooking
videos